Update wording in garden shoot trust documentation (#944)
gardener/documentation: website/documentation/guides/administer-shoots/garden-shoot-trust.md

Additionally, RBAC rules in the garden cluster should grant permissions to the shoot's service account identity which will perform requests to the garden cluster.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Changing the default issuer to a managed issuer is irreversible. All previously issued tokens will remain valid.

### Authentication 
When a request is made, the authentication flow is:

![Garden Shoot Trusted](./images/garden-shoot-trust.png)
The following components help to enable this feature in the garden cluster:

> - **[Managed Service Account Issuer](https://gardener.cloud/docs/gardener/security/shoot_serviceaccounts/#managed-service-account-issuer)**: Configures the shoot API server to sign service account tokens with a Gardener-managed key pair. The corresponding OIDC discovery documents and JWKS are served publicly by the Gardener Discovery Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[Managed Service Account Issuer](https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/master/docs/usage/security/shoot_serviceaccounts.md#managed-service-account-issuer)**: Configures the shoot API server to sign service account tokens with a Gardener-managed key pair. The corresponding OIDC discovery documents and JWKS are served publicly by the Gardener Discovery Server.
```

When adding absolute links, it's best to use GitHub links instead of links pointing to the website, as an automatic redirect happens to any content that is on the website. That way, the user stays on the platform they have decided to read the documentation on, no matter if it's the Gardener website or GitHub.

    authentication.gardener.cloud/issuer: managed
```

> [!NOTE]
> Once enabled, this feature cannot be disabled.
> After annotating the shoot with `authentication.gardener.cloud/issuer=managed` the reconciliation will not be triggered immediately.
> You can wait for the shoot maintenance window or trigger reconciliation by annotating the shoot with `gardener.cloud/operation=reconcile`.

#### Verification

> Verify in the shoot's status that the `service-account-issuer` contains the managed issuer URL ([Service Account Issuer format](https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/master/docs/concepts/operator.md#main-reconciler)).

Reviewer 2: Is this link correct? It points to the main reconciler for the gardener operator.

Reviewer 3: Technically, it is correct - the referenced doc should be https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/master/docs/concepts/operator.md#main-reconciler:~:text=The%20service%20account%20issuer%20of%20shoots%20will%20be%20calculated%20in%20the%20format%20https%3A//discovery.%3C.spec.runtimeCluster.ingress.domains%5B0%5D%3E/projects/%3Cproject%2Dname%3E/shoots/%3Cshoot%2Duid%3E/issuer.

Edit: Even this link seems to not work reliably, adding a screenshot and link to the raw code
<img width="1025" height="119" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/514b39e8-5bb0-43d6-809b-fb825431fce1" />

https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/8f8d5a5fa2d9db6ee99304c00e5d3f1bd3ea3060/docs/concepts/operator.md?plain=1#L262

Author: Using a permalink to point to the documentation for issuer URL seems like the best option in this situation.
